ACG Gremolata
750 g Panko
900 g ACG Soffrito
1 pint Parsley, chopped
6 ea Lemon, zest
25 g Salt
Prep Method
Toast the breadcrumbs in the oven, dry, 325F low fan until deep golden brown. While the bread is toasting, assemble the rest of the ingredients.
Once the breadcrumbs are toasted, immediately transfer to a mixing bowl with the rest of the ingredients. Mix together vigorously to work out any clumps. Lay out on a sheet tray to cool before storing.
ACG Paste
1 qt Garlic
1 qt Capers (drained)
2 oz Anchovies (small tins, drained of oil)
1 qt Olive Oil
Prep Method
in a robot coupe, blend the garlic until very broken down, scraping the sides as you go. Transfer to a heavy bottom pot. Blend the capers with the anchovy in the same way and transfer to the pot. Add the olive oil
Cook over very low heat, stirring occasionally, until the soffrito has cooked out all its liquid, but is not browned.
transfer to a pan to cool before storing in a closed container
ACG Soffrito
1 qt Garlic
1 qt Capers (drained)
1 qt Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 ea Anchovies In Oil (the 2 oz cans, drained of oil)
Prep Method
in a robot coupe, blitz the garlic until completely pasty, scraping down the sides as needed. Remove the garlic and repeat with the capers and anchovy (they will not be able to break down as much)
Combine the garlic, capers, anchovy, and olive oil in a heavy bottom rondeau and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until all of the moisture has cooked off, about 45 minutes. At this point, let the mixture gently fry until the garlic becomes slightly toasty, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a pan to cool, then transfer to deli containers stored in the reach in cooler.
Aerated Yogurt
300 g Greek Yogurt
130  Raisin Pickling Liquid
5 g Salt
Prep Method
whisk together in a bowl. add to an ISI container with 1 chage if half size or 2 charges in full size
Almond Brittle
2 cup Margarine
4 cup Sliced Almonds (untoaated)
4 cup Sugar
1 tbsp Corn Syrup
Prep Method
Melt margarine
Stir in remaining ingredients
Stir until caramelized and put on silpat
Put in 350 oven until evenly browned
Cool and break apart
Almond Milk
225 g Sliced Almonds, Blanched (Skin Off) (Soaked overnight in water)
750 g Water (reserved soaking water)
  Xanthan Gum
  Salt
  Sugar
  Cayenne
Prep Method
First, cover the almonds in fresh cold water. Let soak overnight in the cooler to soften the almonds.
The next day, drain the almonds and reserve their soaking water. Blend the almonds with the measured amount of water. A 1x batch will fit in the kitchenaid blender. Sprinkle in the xanthan gum early and blend on high for at least 30 seconds per batch. Transfer the mixture to a container and refrigerate overnight
The next day, strain the mixture through a fine mesh superbag and season to taste with salt, sugar, and cayenne.
Amatriciana Sauce
1000 gram Guanciale (small dice)
1 pint Water
1 cup Olive Oil
2 qt Onion (julienne)
50 gram Black Pepper
1 pint White Wine
4 ea Canned Tomato (milled)
1 ea Sachet (rosemary, garlic, thyme, bay)
Prep Method
In a large pot with high sides, add the diced guanciale, water, and evo and set over low heat. Let cook, stirring occasionally until the guanciale is fully rendered and has taken on some color
Add the sliced onions and black pepper. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally until the onions have fully softened.
Add the white wine and cook, scraping the bottom of the pot to remove any fond that has formed. Continue cooking until reduced by 3/4
Add tomatoes and sachet. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally until the sauce has thickened slightly, about 60 to 90 minutes. Be very careful to not scorch the pot
Check seasoning of salt, and transfer to a cambro with an ice wand to cool
Apicius Spice
2 oz Ground Ginger
2 oz Chili Flakes
4 oz Fennel Seed
4 oz Celery Seed
2 oz Caraway Seed
2 oz Yellow Mustard Seed
2 oz Dried Rosemary
2 oz Sicilian Oregano
2 oz White Peppercorns
Prep Method
In separate pans, toast fennel, celery, caraway, and mustard seeds—careful not to burn—use controlled heat.
Once Seeds are toasted, blend them together.
After blending toasted seed, add in the remaining ingredients and blend until everything is equally ground.
Store in an air tight container.
Apple Butter
56 ea Fuji Apple (quartered)
32 fl-oz Apple Juice
15 g Salt
250 g Glucose Syrup ((used 500g first time, but was too thick...))
500 g Demerara Sugar
100 g Sugar
175 g Cider Vinegar
Prep Method
combine the quartered apples, salt, and apple juice in a 6 inch hotel pan
Cook, covered, 325F until the apples are completely tender. Stir occasionally.
pass the mixture through a food mill, and then through a tamis add all the sugars, cider vinegar, and optional aromatics (such as 1 charred cinnamon stick, 5 ea clove, 1 t cardamom, and 1/2t nutmeg)
transfer the mixture to a heavy bottomed pot and cook over low heat until very thick
Fish out the cinnamon and cloves, then cool the mixture uncovered in the walk in
Apricot Agrodolce
1 qt Sugar
1 pint White Balsamic Vinegar
1 pint Water
3 cup Minced Dried Apricot
4  Orange (Zest)
1 cup White Wine
 pinch Salt
1  Vanilla Extract
Prep Method
Add all ingredients except vanilla to a pot. Bring to a boil and let simmer 15-20 minutes. Whiz it with the immersion blender and add vanilla
Arancine Dolci
Total Yield: 80 ea
60 g Butter
500 g Arborio Rice
240 g Milk (1)
760 g Milk (2)
1 stick Cinnamon
1  Vanilla Bean, scraped
1  Orange Zest
1/2  Salt (t)
Dredge:
180 g Water
1 ea Egg
80 g Flour (00)
Prep Method
Melt butter over medium heat.
Add in rice and cook until mostly opaque, approximately 3 minutes.
Add Milk 1 and cook until very little liquid remains.
Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.
Reduce temperature to a light simmer and cover.
Stir occasionally, being sure to not scorch the rice, and add water if rice should be cooked longer.
Once rice is finished, spread on half sheet pan and cool uncovered.
Use small scoop and portion out arancine.
Roll in hands to form.
Freeze for at least 20 minutes to set.
Combine all ingredients for dredge.
Coat rice balls in dredge then transfer to bread crumbs.
Chill and keep in refrigerator.
Artichoke Tapenade
1000 g Canned Artichokes (rinsed and drained)
1000 g Kalamata Olives (rinsed and drained)
150 g Calabrian Chili Paste
175 g Red Wine Vinegar - Fancy
175 g Olive Oil
20 g Garlic, grated
Prep Method
robot coupe together the artichokes and olives, in batches if necessary, until a smooth paste is formed
Transfer to a mixing bowl and stir in the rest of the ingredients.
Transfer to quart containers and refrigerate
Arugula Salsa Verde
200 g Baby Arugula (weigh after blanched, shocked, squeezed)
200 g Extra Virgin Olive Oil
10 g Garlic, cloves
Asparagus Base For Sformato
1800 g Asparagus (cut into 1/2" coins)
200 g Shallot (chopped)
100 g Olive Oil
100 g Butter
  Salt
Prep Method
In preheated heavy bottom pot, melt the butter with the olive oil. Add the asparagus and shallot with salt to taste.
Continue to saute over medium high heat until the asparagus has softened. Do not overcook.
Lay out on a parchment lined sheet tray and transfer to the walk in to cool. Once cool, portion into 650g batches
Bagna Cauda
1 tin Anchovies (drained well of oil)
3 ea Lemon (juice and zest)
1250 g Garlic (confit)
375 g Water
1 cup Garlic Oil
Prep Method
drain the anchovies of their oil. Mix the anchovies, garlic, lemon juice and zest, and water. Add to the blender and blend on high, in batches, streaming in the confit garlic oil . Season to taste with more lemon, if necessary
Baked Lasagna Build 2024
  Pasta Sheets (half pan size, unblanched)
  Bolognese Sauce
  Bechamel (warm)
  Grana Padano
  Pecorino Romano
  Butter
Prep Method
rub the 4" half pans with softened butter so that the lasagna doesn't stick. If the bolognese is loose, strain off some of the extra liquid. Warm up the bolo and the bechamel seperately so that they are a little loosened up. Combine Grana and pecorino in equal parts.
Begin by laying a RAW pasta sheet on the bottom of the half pan. Add 12 oz bolognese sauce and spread from edge to edge. drizzle 8 oz bechamel evenly over the top. Then cover generously with the cheese mix, about 4 oz.
Repeat this process until you have 8 layers of pasta. Then top with one final pasta sheet
cover with tin foil and bake in a 325F low fan oven until the internal temperature reaches 175F. Remove foil and bake uncovered until internal temp of 195F
remove the lasagna from the oven and press with another half pan, weighed down with 8 cast irons
Cool overnight
unmold the lasagna by sliding an offset spatula along the sides, flipping it over, and lightly torching the bottom. After a few taps, the lasagna should pop right out.
Cut off any well done edges and cut in half hamburger style. Portion into 10 oz slabs.
Basic Fish Brine
Total Yield: 10 liter
10 liter Cold Water
500 g Kosher Salt
Prep Method
whisk salt in to cold water vigorously until all salt is dissolved.
Keep refrigerated until use.
Basic Olive Oil Cake
400 g All Purpose Flour
300 g Sugar
7 g Baking Soda
9 g Baking Powder
250 g Olive Oil
100 g Water
100 g Orange Juice
14 g Vanilla Extract
14 g Distilled White Vinegar
13 g Salt
2  Orange (Zest)
Prep Method
Preheat oven to 350° with lo fan
Whisk dry ingredients together
Whisk wet ingredients until emulsified
Pour wet into dry and mix till just combined
Bake about 35 minutes
Brush with simple syrup immediately upon removing from the oven
Basic Salsa Verde
375 g Parsley (thick stems removed. Then blanched, shocked, and squeezed)
24 g Garlic
100 g Capers (drained)
25 g Anchovies
8 g Chili Flakes
375 g Olive Oil
10 g Colatura
15 g Salt
Prep Method
prepare the blanched parsley and drain the capers. Note: the weight for the parsley is after it is blanched and squeezed.
in a blender, add all ingredients except the olive oil. Start the blender on low and stream in the olive oil. Once moving, set the blender to medium and blend until broken down but not fully smooth.
add the puree to a bowl set over an ice bath to cool it quickly
portion the verde in 75g batches in cup containers. Pair the portions with a separate container of 15g white wine vinegar that will be mixed in a la minute
Basil Filling
350 g Basil Puree
30 g Salt
15 g Black Pepper
305 g Pecorino Romano
8.25 lb Ricotta Cheese
Prep Method
combine all and double check seasoning.
Basil Puree
350 g Basil (picked)
1/2 cup Spinach (blanched and squeezed)
1 cup Pine Nuts
2 ea Garlic (grated)
2 ea Lemon (zested)
1 cup Olive Oil
  Salt
Prep Method
Blanch the picked basil in plenty of salted boiling water. Shock in an ice bath. Squeeze out excess liquid.
Combine the rest of the ingredients except olive oil. Transfer to a blender, in batches if necessary, and blend with an ice cube, stream in oil, and blend on high until smooth.
season with salt and cayenne pepper
Basque Cheesecake
1 tablespoon Melted Butter
2 pound Cream Cheese (Room Temp)
1.5 cup Granulated Sugar
6 ea Egg
2 cup Heavy Cream
1/3 cup Cake Flour
2 tsp Vanilla Extract
1.5 tsp Kosher Salt
Bay Leaf Oil
100 g Bay Leaf Fresh
300 g Canola Oil
8 g Salt
Prep Method
Add the bay leaves, oil, and salt to the blender and blend on low until broken down, then blend on high until the mixture is hot and steamy. Pass through a fryer filter paper and reserve the oil
Bay Leaf Salsa Verde
200 g Parsley (blanched and squeezed)
35 g Garlic
100 g Capers (caper, without liquid)
30 g Anchovies
  Chili Flakes (red)
70 g Colatura
450 g Olive Oil
50 g Bay Leaf Oil
10 g Salt
Prep Method
To prep the parsley, blanch parsley leaves (some stems okay), shock, and squeeze. Weigh the yield and scale the recipe to that.
Combine everything except the oils in a blender and blend on low, starting to break things down. Stream in the oils slowly and begin mixing on medium so that a coarse puree forms.
Chill immediately
Bean Puree For Ragu 2024
2 quart Beans (with liquid)
1 pint Heavy Cream
 tt Xanthan Gum
Prep Method
Heat the beans with the cream in a pot until hot. Blend until smooth, adding the xanthan gum. Chill and reserve for service
Beans
  Cannellini Beans Dried
  Water
  Sachet (garlic, parsley stems, bay leaves, etc)
Prep Method
This method will work for any dried bean.
The night before, soak the dried beans in water. Use 3x the volume of water that you have beans (ex. 6 qts of water for 2 qts of beans). Let soak in the refrigerator.
When ready to cook, drain the soaking liquid and add the beans to a heavy bottom pot and cover with cold fresh water. Add the sachet.
Bring to a boil and set down to a simmer, skimming the impurities that float to the surface. Cook until the beans are pleasantly soft (try several beans to test). Pull from the heat and add salt to taste. Let cool in the walk in
Bechamel
Total Yield: 2.5 gallon
2 lb Flour
2 lb Butter
2 gallon Milk
1  Onion (halved, studded w/cloves)
Prep Method
Cook flour and butter in a large sauce pot over low heat stirring frequently with a wood spoon until the flour taste has mellowed.
Add milk, and bring to a simmer.
Add the onion halves and continue to simmer for about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally being careful not to scorch.
Remove onion halves and strain thru a chinois.
Beef Base For Braise 2024
1 lb Butter
8 qt Onion, sliced
1 qt Tomato Paste
2 qt Red Wine
8 qt Beef Stock
1 qt Jus (veal)
1 cup Tamari
100 gram Salt
  Sachet (garlic, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf)
150 gram Black Garlic (puree)
1 bottle Pomegranate Molasses
4 gram Xanthan Gum
Prep Method
In a heavy bottom rondeau, brown the butter and then cook the onions in the butter until very soft, and starting to caramelize, about 20 minutes . Then, add the tomato paste and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, over low heat to toast the tomato paste. This should take an hour. It is very important to take your time to develop the flavor of the onion and tomato. Add the red wine and cook until the alcohol smell has cooked off. Then add the veal jus, the black garlic puree, pom molasses, beef stock, tamari, sachet. Cook for 2-4 hours, or until reduced by about 1/3
Puree with the large immersion blender, streaming in xanthan gum to thicken. Add the salt.  Pass through a chinois
Beet Gelee
400 g Beet Juice (split into two containers equally)
12 g Gelatin Powder
24 g Red Wine Vinegar
42 g Sugar
6 g Salt
Prep Method
make sure the beet juice is split equally into two containers. Combine one half of the beet juice with the red wine vinegar, sugar, and salt. Reserve.
Add the other half of the beet juice to a small pot and bring just to a boil. While stirring, slowly add the gelatin powder to evenly incorporate.
Strain the hot beet mix into the cold beet mix and stir to combine
Add 1 oz of the beet juice to cover each ramekin of chicken liver , making sure to cover the entire surface
let cool in the walk in to set up
Beet Marinade
250 g White Wine Vinegar - Fancy
1 ea Orange (juice and zest)
20 g Garlic
100 g Extra Virgin Olive Oil
 to taste Salt
Prep Method
This recipe is scaled to 1 hotel pan of cooked beets. If you cook 2 pans, do a 2x batch, etc
In an empty hotel pan, combine the vinegar, orange juice and zest, grated garlic, olive oil, and some salt and stir to combine
As you cut the peeled beets, add them directly to the marinade, stirring them every now and again. It is important that the beets are peeled, cut, and marinated right when they come out of the oven for best results.
Once all the beets are cut, stir once more and check for salt. It's very important to season appropriately before storing, especially when making a large batch.
beet/sumac Yogurt
150 g Red Beets
80 g Raisin Pickling Liquid
750 g Greek Yogurt
40 g Sumac
10 g Salt
  Xanthan Gum
Prep Method
in a blender, blend the beets and pickling liquid with the xanthan gum. transfer to a bowl with the yogurt, sumac, and salt. Whisk until combined.
Biancomangiare
2060 g Milk
400 g Sugar
140 g Corn Starch
2 ea Lemon, zest
Prep Method
bring 1800g milk to a boil with the sugar and lemon zest.
Whisk remaining milk and cornstarch together. Whisk slurry into hot milk and whisk until thickened. Ladle into serving vessel and chill until set.
Black And White Peppercorn Mix
1  Black Peppercorns (part whole peppercorn)
1  White Peppercorns (part whole peppercorn)
Prep Method
working 1/4 cup at a time, pulse the peppercorns a few times. Shake the container to redistribute, and keep pulsing until it looks like the attached picture.
Repeat for the remaining peppercorns you have and mix them all together before storing.
Black Apple Uree
600 g Black Apple
100 g Black Garlic Puree
220 g Nocino Reduction
10 g Salt
12 g Ultra-Tex 8
2 g Xanthan Gum (weighed with crack scale)
Prep Method
Scale all in the blender and blend on high for 15 seconds
Black Garlic Ganache
Total Yield: 18 portion
243 g Chocolate
180 g Heavy Cream
41 g Butter
(1. scale chocolate and black garlic puree in an over sized bowl2. scale butter (tempered if possible) in separate container3. Scale cream into a saucepan & scald4. Pour hot, scalded cream over chocolate and whisk vigorouslyuntil completely melted5. Add butter and whisk until melted in and homogenized6. Let ganache cool for a few minutes to avoid too much drip, then with a 1 oz ladle, glaze upside down chocolate tort portions7. Let ganache set for 5 minutes on torts, then top with crushed hazelnuts and maldon)
1 teaspoon Black Garlic (puree)
Black Garlic Marinade 2024
100 g Black Garlic (puree)
150 g Shio Koji
45 g Rosemary (chopped)
15 g Garlic, grated
20 g Roasted Garlic (granules)
175 g Olive Oil
30 g Red Wine Vinegar
10 g Black Pepper
45 g Truffle Paste
Prep Method
in a mixing bowl, combine all ingredients and whisk until combined
Black Garlic Puree
1 # Black Garlic
300 g Water
1.7 g Xanthan Gum
Prep Method
add the black garlic and water to a blender. Use a crack scale to measure out the xanthan gum.
Blend on high speed, slowly adding the xanthan gum. The mixture should come into a very smooth, thick puree.
Transfer to delis and store in the fridge
Black Garlic & Vanilla Cream
1000 g Heavy Cream
14 g Black Garlic (skins)
2 ea Vanilla Bean, scraped
Prep Method
bring all to a simmer, shut off the heat, and cover the pot. Let infuse in a warm place for 45 
minutes
Blood Orange Vinaigrette
Total Yield: 1 qt
400 g Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 ea Orange (juice and zest)
130 g Shallot (sliced)
140 g Blood Orange (preserved)
140 g Agave
100 g Balsamic Vinegar (fancy stuff)
75 g Red Wine Vinegar - Fancy
8 g Kosher Salt
Prep Method
in a blender, combine everything except the olive oil. Blend on high until smooth, then set to low and stream in the oil. Keep at room temp for service
Blueberry Lemon Olive Oil Cake
200 g All Purpose Flour
200 g Flour (soft white wheat)
7 g Baking Soda
9 g Baking Powder
215 g Olive Oil
100 g Water
100 g Lemon, juice
14 g Vanilla Extract
4  Lemon, zest
150 g Blueberries
13 g Salt
Prep Method
Whisk together flours, baking soda, salt, baking powder
Emulsify remaining ingredients except for blueberries
Toss blueberries in dry then whisk wet into dry. Bake at 350° low fan for 45 minutes, rotating halfway through
Blueberry Mostarda
1 cup Shallot, minced
2 teaspoon Red Pepper Flakes (red pepper)
1 pint White Wine
1 qt White Wine Vinegar
1 qt Sugar
  Salt
2 leaf Bay Leaf Fresh
1 qt Yellow Mustard Seed
1 cup Whole Grain Mustard
2 ea Orange (zest)
1 ea Orange (juice)
5 # Frozen Blueberries
Prep Method
sweat the shallot and chili flake until soft. Deglaze with the white wine and cook until reduced by half.
Add the vinegar, sugar, salt, mustard seed, bay leaf. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened and mustard seed are tender.
Add the frozen blueberries and cook until their juices are released and the syrup has the color of the blueberries.
remove mostarda from the heat. stir in mustard and orange. Season to taste with salt, remembering that it will be served room temp, not hot.
Transfer to quarts and chill.
Bolognese 2024
9 ea Onion
3 lb Carrots (carrot)
2 head Celery
20 lb Ground Beef
10 lb Ground Pork
10 lb Ground Veal
1 quart White Wine
2 quart Red Wine
2 quart Chicken Stock
3 can Tomato (buzzed with a stick blender)
1 quart Tomato Paste
2 qt Milk
1  Sachet (chz rinds, bay leaves, rosemary, thyme, garlic)
2 cup Salt
1/4 cup Black Pepper
Prep Method
grind the carrots, onion, and celery through the small dye of the grinder. Add to a pot large enough to accomodate everything and cook with olive oil until the liquid has cooked off and the vegetables are soft.
Add the beef, pork, veal, salt, and white wine together to the pot and stir with a long metal 
stirrer to start breaking down the meat
Cook over medium high heat, stirring the entire time, until the meat has begun to warm up and releasing its juices
Once the meat is par cooked, add the red wine, buzzed tomatoes, tomato paste, chicken stock, and sachet.
Bring to a boil and then turn down to a simmer. Cook until the meat has begun to turn tender, about 2 hours.
Add the milk and cook for 30 minutes longer
Take off the heat and add the black pepper. Check seasoning for salt before transferring to the walk in cooler
Bone Marrow Garlic Butter Jan 2025
275 g Bone Marrow
275 g Garlic Confit (Strained of oil)
150 g Truffle Paste
100 g Thiquid
24 g Salt
Prep Method
let the bone marrow temper (do not melt it)
in a robot coupe, combine all and process until smooth
transfer to pint containers
Bottarga Vinaigrette 2024
300 g Bottarga (cleaned)
260 g Colatura (1 bottle is 130g)
40 g Garlic, grated
26 g Fennel Pollen (1 tin is 26g)
5 g Chili Flakes
24 g Oregano
450 g Lemon Oil (1 bottle is 225g)
1350 g Olive Oil (fancy)
150 g Lemon, juice
Prep Method
add the cleaned bottarga to the robot coupe and process until no chunks remain
whisk together the rest of the ingredients
Store in quarts. IMPORTANT - make sure to stir/mix the dressing as you scoop with a ladle so that the solids get dispersed evenly between containers
Braised Kale
1 case Kale Tuscan (cleaned and marinated)
1 cup Garlic (sliced)
2 can Tomato (drained and crushed by hand)
2 qt White Wine
2 qt Water (or as needed)
Prep Method
To Marinate the kale: Generously add olive oil and salt to the kale and incorporate by mixing with both hands. The kale should be completely coated in the oil, and seasoned appropriately with salt. This will help the greens cook faster and more evenly.
In a large rondeau propped up on the grill, start sweating the garlic in some olive oil. Let the garlic take on a light brown color before adding chili flakes, tomato, water, and white wine. Cover with the stock pot lid and let come to a boil.
Start adding in greens, as much as you can without overfilling the pot. Cook, covered with the lid, until the first batch of kale has wilted enough to add the rest. With tongs, stir the kale around and keep cooking, covered, stirring often, until the kale is soft and has taken on a navy green color.
Make sure that there is enough liquid to barely cover the greens, add more water if needed. Check salt and transfer to a hotel pan to cool in the walk in.
Brassicas Salad
Total Yield: 1 3/4 quart
500 g Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 ea Orange (juice & Zest)
160 gram Whole Grain Mustard
160 gram Honey
250 gram Red Wine Vinegar (1 btl of fancy)
Prep Method
slice equal parts cauliflower and Brussels sprouts and cauliflower
season with salt pepper, lemon oil
add dressing and pine nuts
Brined Ham
1000 gram Water
25 gram Kosher Salt
2.5 gram Pink Salt
  Rosemary
  Garlic
  Black Pepper
  Thyme
  Bay Leaf Fresh
Prep Method
bring the water, salts, and aromatics to a boil and stir to dissolve the salt. Let cool completely.
Inject the pork in several spots with the brine and completely cover with the remaining brine.
Brine for 48 hours
Transfer to clean sheet tray racks to dry completely
Broccoli & Almond Puree 2025
500 g Broccoli (blanched, stage 1)
450 g Kale (blanched)
375 g Olive Oil
1000 g Broccoli (blanched, stage 2)
70 g Garlic
25 g Salt
250 g Marcona Almonds
Prep Method
in a blender, in batches, blend the stage 1 broccoli with the kale and olive oil until smooth. Add to a mixing bowl
In a robotcoupe, in batches, blend the stage 2 broccoli & garlic until broken down but not all the way smooth. Transfer to mixing bowl. season with the salt. Set some puree aside without nuts if you need to
In the same robotcoupe, process the almonds until they turn into a paste. Add to the mixing bowl. Whisk until smooth
Broccoli Puree
Total Yield: 4 qt
2 quart Yellow Onion (sliced)
4 quart Chopped Broccoli
2 qt Heavy Cream
  Spinach (blanched)
Prep Method
Sweat the onion with olive oil in a pot with tall sides until soft. Then add the chopped broccoli. Continue cooking until the broccoli begins to soften.
Add heavy cream and bring the mixture to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally until the broccoli is fully tender and the sauce has thickened slightly.
In batches, add to a blender and blend on high until completely smooth. Add the blanched spinach to the last 2 or 3 rounds of blending to help keep its color.
Check seasoning with salt and cayenne, and immediately add mixture to an ice bath to cool quickly.
Brown Butter Potato Puree
1000 g Yukon Gold Potato (peeled and chopped)
20 g Garlic, cloves
5 g Thyme
5 g Rosemary
3 ea Bay Leaf Fresh
200 g Milk
90 g Brown Butter
  Salt
400 g Heavy Cream
Brown Sugar Ricotta
1 tin Ricotta Cheese (Calabro)
1/2 cup Brown Sugar
Prep Method
Strain excess liquid
Paddle in brown sugar until dissolved and smooth
Brutti Ma Buoni
500 g Egg, whites
835 g Sugar
1110 g Nuts/dust
Prep Method
Whisk sugar and egg whites over double boiler to 165°
Whip to stuff peaks in stand mixer
Fold in nuts and nut dust
Scoop onto parchment lined sheet trays
Bake at 325 lo fan for 25- 30 minutes until crisp and easily removable from parchment
Buckwheat Spice
100 g Dried Thyme (dry)
30 g Cumin Seed
20 g Coriander Seed
25 g Fennel Seed
50 g Salt
25 g Black Pepper
Prep Method
combine all ingredients and blend into a fine powder in the spice grinder
Buerre Monte
8 lb Butter, cubed
0.25 cup Water
2 oz Thiquid
Prep Method
in a heavy bottom pot, heat the tablespoon of water over medium heat until steaming, not boiling. Add a few nugs of butter and shake the pot to spin the butter around, letting it melt evenly
Keep adding butter a few nugs at a time, shaking or whisking to keep the entire thing moving the whole time. Always wait until almost all your butter has melted before adding more.
DO NOT let the mixture get too cold, or it will break. Moderate your heat to ensure the butter is always warmer than body temperature. It's okay if the buerre is lightly steaming too.
stir in the thiquid, strain through a chinois. Hold warm for service
Don't throw it away! Save it for something else
Burnt Onion Powder
Burnt Onion Puree
 g Onion (Cut in half, skin taken off, enough to line the hotel pan)
454 g Butter (cubed)
 g Salt (to taste)
4 ea Thyme (large sprigs)
  Xanthan Gum
  Burnt Onion Powder
  Truffle Powder
150 g Garlic
Prep Method
Preheat the oven to 400F. Line a 2 inch hotel pan with lots of thyme sprigs. Add enough onions to fill the hotel pan. Add the butter and garlic. Wrap the hotel pan tightly with 2 layers of foil.  Roast until the onions are completely tender, about an hour
open the tray. Remove the root ends off the of the onions, and discard the thyme, squeezing out any juices. Transfer the cooked onions and garlic with all of their juices to another container. Blend, in batches if necessary, and buzz on high with a small pinch xanthan gum until completely smooth. pass through a chinoise. Season with salt, cayenne, truffle powder, and burnt onion powder to taste
Burrata & Caviar
2 oz Whipped Burrata (Whipped)
  Chives, sliced
10 g Osetra Caviar
  Cippolini Agrodolce
  Potato Chips
Buttermilk Foam Base 2024
1 kg Buttermilk (leftover from house butter)
10 g Soy Lecithin Powder
20 g Salt
Prep Method
* make sure you are using this recipe with house buttermilk, as it is much thinner than commercial buttermilk. To sub Guernsey buttermilk, change a 1x batch to 700g buttermilk and 300g while milk*
combine all in a bain marie and whisk until homogenous
To foam:
Use a flat vessel and an immersion blender. Run the blender on low in the corner of the vessel, allowing the bubbles to form and flow towards the center.
Keep blending until you have the foam you need. This could take up to 1 minute of constant blending
Scoop from the top
Butternut Squash Agrodolce
3000 g Butternut Squash (medium dice)
2 qt Sugar
1 qt White Wine Vinegar (colavita)
1 pint White Wine Vinegar (fancy)
1 pint Cider Vinegar (fancy)
  Olive Oil
  Salt
  Honey
Prep Method
dice the squash and marinate it with olive oil, salt, and honey. Cryovac the squash and cook sous vide at 183F until just tender. Let cool in the bag.
Meanwhile, make the agrodolce. Lightly caramelize the sugar with some water. Add the vinegars and cook over low heat until thickened and syrupy.
Open the bags of squash and combine with the agrodolce liquid. Let come to room temperature to marinate, then reserve chilled until needed.
Butternut Squash In Agrodolce
1200 g White Wine Vinegar (colavita)
1300 g Sugar
20 g Salt
3 leaf Bay Leaf Fresh
20 g Thyme
45 g Rosemary
1000 g Butternut Squash (diced)
20 g Salt
500  Agrodolce
100  Beef Fat
Prep Method
First, to make the agrodolce: add the sugar to a pot with a splash of water to make a slurry. Turn onto high heat until the sugar reaches 275g F
Add the vinegar, salt, bay, thyme, and rosemary. Heat to dissolve the syrup into the vinegar and then cover and let steep for 30 minutes. Strain and reserve.
Then to finish: add 1000g butternut squash to a large cryovac bag. Then add 20g salt, 300g of finished agrodolce, and 100g beef fat per bag.
Add the sealed bags to the pasta cooker on low heat with a lid to get to a temp of about 195F. Cook until the squash is tender. Refrigerate until needed.
Cabbage Pickling Liquid Feb 2025
900 g Pickled Peppers (liquid)
100 g Miso (house made)
200 g Fermented Radish (juice)
Prep Method
weigh all together and blend with a stick blender until the miso dissolves
Cacio E Pepe Dressing
200 g Mayo
50 g Milk
25 g Water
25 g Pecorino Romano (grated)
10 g Black Pepper
5 g Cider Vinegar
17 g Lemon, juice
2 g Garlic
10 g Onion (fine minced)
Prep Method
combine all ingredients in vitamix and blend
Caesar Dressing Feb 2025
1000 g Kewpie Mayo
350 g Dijon Mustard
100 g Truffle Paste
100 g Lemon, juice
35 g Red Wine Vinegar (fancy)
50 g Tamari
75 g Garlic, grated
15 g Black Pepper
200 g Parmigiano Reggiano, grated
30 g Salt
80 g Yuzu Kosho Green
Prep Method
Combine all in a mixing bowl and whisk to incorporate
Calabrian Chile Aioli
Total Yield: 1.5 qt
6  Egg Yolks
1 pint Canola Oil
1  Lemon (juiced)
12 clove Garlic
2 tbsp Dijon Mustard
3 tsp Tabasco Sauce
1/2 cup Pistachios (chopped)
12  Calabrian Chiles (, chopped)
1 pint Calabrian Chile Oil
Prep Method
Combine egg yolks, lemon juice, garlic cloves, Dijon, Tobasco, and in bowl of food processor.
process briefly until a homogenized mixture is formed.
slowly emulsify in the canola oil and Calabrian chile oil, adjusting with cold water to keep from getting to thick.
Add Aioli to a mixing bowl and fold in choped calabrian chilies and chopped pistachios.
season with salt and more lemon juice if needed.
Calabrian Chili Butter
4 lb Butter (tempered)
1/2 cup Garlic (grated)
1 qt Calabrian Chilies In Oil (de stemmed)
1 cup Parsley (chopped)
2 tea-spoon Sicilian Oregano
4 ea Lemon (zested)
Prep Method
Combine all ingredients, except for the butter, in the robotcoupe.
Pulse until everything is evenly incorporated
Calabrian Chili & Sambuca Oil
700 g Shallot, sliced
300 g Garlic, sliced
3 l Olive Oil
1 jar Calabrian Chiles (Dehydrated and blitzed)
40 g Fennel Seed
30 g Oregano
130 g Tuna Powder
125 g Sambucha
1 jar Colatura
35 g Salt
70 g Turbinado Sugar
35 g MSG
40 g Garlic (granules)
10 g Citric Acid
Prep Method
Preheat the olive oil in a heavy bottom pot, around 250f. Add the garlic and the shallot and cook over medium heat. Once the oil goes above 220F, do not leave the pot and continue to cook and stir until the oil reaches 260F. Then immediately strain out all the shallots and garlic from the oil, reserving both seperately.
Return the pot to the stove and let preheat to 280F
While the oil is preheating, combing the dry calabrian chilies, fennel seed, oregano, and tuna powder to a container large enough to accomodate the oil. Pour over the heated oil very carefully. Stir with a wooden spoon to combine.
Deglaze the now empty pot with the sambucha, let the alcohol cook off and add the colatura. Once the oil has cooled off, add the deglazing liquid. It may bubble a lot.
Crunch the fried shallots and garlic with your hands and add to the oil. Add the rest of the seasonings. Transfer to deli containers, being careful to evenly distribute the solids and the oil.
Campari Glaze
2 liter Campari
2 lb Brown Sugar
20 g Agar Agar (Agar)
23 g Thyme (stem and all)
35 g Salt
15 g Aleppo Pepper
15 g Smoked Paprika
600 g Ketchup
10 g Garlic Powder
Prep Method
add the sugar to a heavy bottom pot. Add a small amount of water and mix to just hydrate the sugar. This will help it caramelize evenly. Add your campari to another pot.
Turn the campari on high, bring to a boil, and set over medium low flame. CAREFULLY, ignite the campari with a blowtorch to get the alcohol burning. Let the alcohol cook while the 
campari stays at a medium simmer until the flames subside. Set aside.
For the sugar, set the pot over medium heat. Cook the sugar, without stirring until 250F. Remove from the heat
Add the campari to the sugar. Stir in the garlic powder, aleppo, paprika, thyme, and salt. Cook over medium heat until reduced slightly.
Bring to a vigorous boil and add the agar. whisk vigorously for 1 minute as the agar boils and then strain through a chinois.
Let the mixture cool and solidify. Add the ketchup and buzz with a hand blender. Pass through a chinois again.
Candied Orange Peels
4  Orange
2 cup Sugar
3 cup Water
Prep Method
Slice both ends of oranges. Cut the skin in quarters laterally without cutting into the flesh of the orange. Peel each quarter and slice into thin strips or dice. Boil 15 minutes. Drain water and add sugar and water. Simmer 45 minutes.
Candied Pistachios
2 quart Pistachios
3 cup Sugar
40 gram Smoked Paprika
5  Salt
  Cayenne
Prep Method
Add the water to a heavy bottom pot and add water until a slurry forms. Set over medium 
high heat to come to a light brown caramel.
While the sugar caramelizes, heat the pistachios in a low oven. This is just to get them warm so that the sugar doesn't harden immediately.
Once the caramel forms, remove from the heat and add the paprika, salt, and cayenne.
Add the warmed pistachios to the pot and stir with a wooden spoon until the pistachios are entirely coated with caramel
Transfer to a sheet tray to cool
Once cool, hit the pistachios with a mallet in a bag to break up the chunks
Canederle
1000 g Bread (old focaccia/buzzed in the robot coupe)
750 g Speck (Ground)
700 gram Egg, whole (cracked and whisked)
20 gram Ground Nutmeg
50 gram Black Pepper
500 gram Grana Padano
Canederle (Big Batch) 2024
4400 g Focaccia (crust cut off & cubed)
3200 g Speck (cubed)
250 g Parsley (chopped)
2200 g Milk
3080 g Egg, whole
30 g Black Pepper (ground)
13 g Nutmeg (grated)
300 g Flour
Prep Method
Combine the focaccia with the spec and grind with the large dye. Add the milk and let sit for 30 minutes to hydrate.
Move to the hobart mixer with a paddle attachment and mix in the parsley, egg, pepper, nutmeg, and flour.
Let the mixture rest for another hour before shaping
To cook, add the balls to unsalted boiling water and cook for about 10 minutes. Do not undercook
Cannellini Beans 2024
2 qt Cannellini Beans Dried
  Water
1 qt Onion (sm dice)
1 qt Celery (sm dice)
1 qt Carrots (carrot, sm dice)
  Salt
  Sachet (garlic, rosemary, bay, thyme, sage)
Prep Method
soak the cannellini beans overnight in 3 times their volume in cold water
The next day, drain the soaking water and set the beans into a 4" hotel pan. Cover with fresh cold water, add the sachet and salt to taste.
Bring the pan up to a gentle simmer on the range before covering with a hotel pan lid. Transfer to a 400F oven and bake, stirring occasionally until the beans are tender.
Meanwhile, saute the veggies with olive oil & a pinch of salt until they are  just tender. Reserve
Once the beans are tender, add the veggies and CHECK THE SALT
If needed, add ice cubes to the pan to make sure it is covered by a couple inches of water in 
the pan. Transfer to the walk in to cool.
Cannoli Filling
Total Yield: 1 qt
4 cup Ricotta Cheese (, galati)
1 cup Powdered Sugar
1  Lemon, zest
1 ea Orange, Zest
1 pinch Salt
Prep Method
scale in a bowl, MIX BY HAND!!!!!
Cannoli Shells
Total Yield: 200 pc
250 g 00' Flour
50 g Powdered Sugar
0.5 tsp Cocoa Powder
55 g Butter (Rub butter into flour, sugar, & cocoa powder)
1 each Egg (turn butter/flour mix out onto board, and use volcano method to make final dough, with:)
60 g Marsala
1 tbsp Distilled White Vinegar
Prep Method
rub butter into dry ingredients.
Using volcano method, add eggs, marsala, and vinegar, and assemble dough by hand.
vigorously nead by hand. More kneading=more tiny bubbles on the finished shell.
Wrap in plastic wrap, do not vacuum seal or tiny bubbles will be lost.
using the pasta machine, and pasta sheeting method, roll to #4, and punch out rounds, using 2.5" (62 mm) metal round cutter
wrap around dowels or bars, per demonstration, sealing with egg white
Fry at 350f until browned and crispy, hopefully with many tiny bubbles.
Cantaloupe Gazpacho 2024
2200 g Cantaloupe
730 g Cucumber (peeled and seeded)
550 g Yellow Bell Peppers
540 g Yellow Heirloom Tomato (in the jar)
6 ea Lime (juice and zest)
40 g Salt
280 g Olive Oil
18 g Citric Acid
 to taste Xanthan Gum
Prep Method
peeled, seed, and chop the cantaloupe. Let the tasty juices scooped from the center drip through a chinois while you prep the rest of the ingredients. Peel, seed, and chop the cucumber, chop the yellow bell pepper. Combine all in a bowl and continue adding all the other ingredients, except for the xanthan gum
Start adding the mixture to a blender, working in batches, adding xanthan gum to thicken, blending on high until just broken down. Careful not to heat the mixture in the blender.
Pass through a chinois and check for salt, heat, and acidity
Caponata Sauce
1  Onion (sm dice)
1/2 cup Garlic (sliced)
1 cup Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2  Canned Tomato (crushed, with their juice)
1 qt Castelvetrano Olives (pulsed, keep chunky)
1 pint Capers (pulsed)
1 pint Agrodolce
  Salt
1.25 lb Golden Raisins
Prep Method
In a rondeau, sweat the onion, garlic, and chili in olive oil until soft and aromatic. Add the tomato and cook over medium low heat, stirring occasionally until slightly reduced, about 15 minutes.
Add the olives, capers, and raisins.
Remove from the heat and add th agrodolce liquid. Check seasoning with salt and cool
Caponata Sauce Copy
1  Onion (sm dice)
1/2 cup Garlic (sliced)
1 cup Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2  Canned Tomato (crushed, with their juice)
1 qt Castelvetrano Olives (pulsed, keep chunky)
1 pint Capers (pulsed)
1 pint Agrodolce
  Salt
1.25 lb Golden Raisins
Prep Method
In a rondeau, sweat the onion, garlic, and chili in olive oil until soft and aromatic. Add the tomato and cook over medium low heat, stirring occasionally until slightly reduced, about 15 minutes.
Add the olives, capers, and raisins.
Remove from the heat and add th agrodolce liquid. Check seasoning with salt and cool
Caramelized Cauliflower
2000 g Cauliflower (chopped)
1 lb Butter
20 g Salt
10 g Baking Soda
40 g Water
Prep Method
in a mixing bowl, combine the cauliflower, salt, and baking soda to evenly coat. In the base of the pressure cooker, melt the butter with the water
add the cauliflower to the pressure cooker pot and cook with low pressure for 20 minutes, then vent
strain out all of the liquid from the pot and save the solids in 700g batches for sformato
Caramelized Onion Dinner Rolls
400 g Water (110)
13 g Yeast (dry)
55 g Sugar
15 g Salt
22 g Olive Oil
200 g Caramelized Onions
835 g Bread Flour
Prep Method
Bloom yeast with water and sugar. Add remaining ingredients. Mix until just combined with dough hook. Proof until doubled.. Shape into 56 g rolls. Proof until doubled and bake at 350 lo fan 13-15 minutes. Brush with butter right out of the oven
Caramelized Onion Filling
1800 g Onion (caramelized)
1 tub Ricotta Cheese (galati)
16 g Black Pepper (freshly ground)
1 bunch Parsley (chopped finely)
1 qt Pecorino Romano
40 g Salt
Caramelized Onions
20 lb Onion (pre diced from del bene)
1 lb Butter
  Salt
Prep Method
melt the butter in a wide, heavy bottom rondeau. Add half of the onions with a big pinch of salt and start cooking over medium heat. Once the onions have shrunk down enough, fill the pot with the other half of the diced onion.
Continue cooking over medium low heat, stirring constantly, until the onions have cooked off their liquid and started taking on some color.
At this point, transfer the rondeau to an induction burner set to 800 and continue cooking for several hours. If the onions start to stick too much, turn the heat to 500 and keep cooking 
until deeply caramelized. Chill in the walk in
Once cooled, transfer to 2 seperate cryovac bags. a 1x batch should yield two 2000g bags.
Caramelized Sunchoke
2000 g Sunchokes (chopped)
1 lb Butter
20 g Salt
10 g Baking Soda
40 g Water
Prep Method
in a mixing bowl, combine the Sunchoke, salt, and baking soda to evenly coat. In the base of the pressure cooker, melt the butter with the water
add the cauliflower to the pressure cooker pot and cook with low pressure for 20 minutes, then vent
strain out all of the liquid from the pot and save the solids in 700g batches for sformato
Carpaccio Plate
  Wagyu Eye Round
Prep Method
let the eye round thaw slightly before trying to remove the plastic wrap, to ensure that no plastic tears and gets stuck to the meat.
If there is any brown discoloration, trim off with a knife before putting on the slicer
brush the carp plates with a thin layer of olive oil
On size 1.5, carefully shave the beef to get an even slice. Transfer the slice to the plate, and repeat until the plate is evenly filled with no spaces in the middle and not riding too high up the edge
press a piece of deli paper to the surface of the meat, and gently press until all parts of the 
meat are protected by the paper. This will help keep it from drying out or turning brown. move to the garmo cooler in batches as you slice
Carrot Puree
750 g Carrots (cleaned)
175 g Carrot Juice
10 g Salt
20 g Sugar
45 g Olive Oil
  Xanthan Gum
5 g Wolf Sauce
Prep Method
In a medium cryovac bag, combine all ingredients except wolf sauce. Seal, and cook the bag in boiling water until the carrots are tender. Open the bag and puree on high speed with the wolf sauce and xanthan gum until completely smooth. pass through a chinois
Carrot/tahini Puree
1 # Carrots (end trimmed)
2 oz Olive Oil
45 g Tahini
15 g Garlic
1  Lemon (whole zest, half juice)
  Salt
Prep Method
add the carrots to a sous vide bag with the carrot reduction and olive oil. Cook at 183F for 1 hour then remove from the water and open the bag, reserving the liquid
In a blender, blend the carrots with the tahini, garlic, lemon, and transfer to a bain marie. Season with salt to taste and then chill in an ice bath.
Cassata Filling
30 oz Ricotta Cheese (Polly-o or homemade preferred)
2 1/4  Powdered Sugar
1  Cinnamon (t)
1  Vanilla Extract (t)
5 oz Mini Chocolate Chips
1  Lemon, zest
1  Orange Zest
Prep Method
Add everything but chocolate to robot coupes and mix until smooth. Stir in mini chocolate chips
Cassata Ricotta Cake
Total Yield: 40 ea
1180 g Sugar
680 g Butter
1700 g Ricotta Cheese
4  Lemon, juice (and zest)
12  Egg
4 tsp Vanilla Extract
15 g Baking Soda
720 g Flour
8 g Salt
330 g Chocolate Chips
160 g Candied Orange Peel (diced)
Prep Method
Cream butter and sugar
Add ricotta, lemon juice and zest.
Add eggs and vanilla
Add dry ingredients
Fold in chocolate and orange
Celery Root Puree
1 large Onion (sliced)
4 quart Celery Root (diced)
4 ea Bay Leaf Fresh
1 cup Garlic, cloves
8 oz Butter (browned)
  Kosher Salt
  Cayenne
Prep Method
Peel, and roughly dice celery root.  Peel and slice onion.
Place diced celery root, sliced onion, garlic, and fresh bay leaves in medium sauce pot and cover with milk.
Gently bring to a simmer and cook until very tender.
strain solids through a perforated hotel pan, reserving some of the milk.  Discard the bay leaves.
Working in batches puree the solids with just enough milk to get the blender spinning.  Slowly stream in brown butter.  Season with salt and cayenne once all the solids are pureed 
and combined.
Cool in an ice bath and separate in to pint containers.
Charred Allium Grissini
380 g Bread Flour
6 g Fresh Yeast
195 g Water
90 g Olive Oil
13 g Salt
15 g Burnt Allium
10 g Onion Powder
5 g Garlic Powder
Prep Method
Preheat oven to 350° low fan
Slosh yeast and water in bowl, add oil, add dry ingredients, and mix with dough hook until smooth
Wrap in plastic and let rest 30 minutes
Shape and spray with water
Sprinkle granulated garlic and sea salt before baking
Bake about 15 minutes until crisp
Charred Corn Puree For Farinata
750 g Corn Kernels (charred)
100 g Corn Base
100 g Garlic Oil (confit)
20 g Lemon, juice
10 g Salt
20 g Sugar
  Xanthan Gum
Prep Method
In a blender, blend everything together on high speed until thick. Pass through a chinoise and cool immediately.
Charred Eggplant Puree
1300 g Italian Eggplant (Weight after cooked, peeled, drained)
180 g Garlic (roasted)
440 g Extra Virgin Olive Oil
65 g Balsamic Vinegar (villa manodori)
20 g Salt
 to taste Cayenne
Prep Method
Char the whole eggplant over the gas burners set to full flame until fully burnt on the outside and getting soft on the inside. Transfer the eggplant as they soften to a container with a tight fitting lid, like a plastic lexan.
Once cool enough to handle, begin cleaning the eggplant by removing the stem and sliding the burnt skin away from the flesh with a gloved hand. Transfer the eggplant flesh to a colander to drain off excess water.
Once drained, mix the rest of the ingredients together and blend on high until smooth.
Charred Lemon Vinaigrette
130 g Lemon (charred)
90 g Honey
70 g Water
200 g Extra Virgin Olive Oil
100 g Grapeseed Oil
50 gram Shallots, brunoise
Prep Method
Cut the lemons in half, and grill lemons on cut side until heavily charred.
Remove from grill and let them rest and cool in a container that will catch their liquid.
Juice the lemons
Combine all lemon juice and all the other ingredients in a bowl and whisk until emulsified.
Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper
Charred Onion & Mushroom Brodo Feb 2025
8 qt Mushroom / Parm Stock Feb 2025 (mushroom)
420 g Tamari
185 g Black Garlic Puree
8 g Xanthan Gum
200 g Balsamic Vinegar
50 g Salt
50 g Burnt Onion
Prep Method
Bring the mushroom stock up to a boil then shut off the heat
Add all of the other ingredients to the pot and blend with the large stick blender until the onion pieces have broken down and the xanthan gum is absorbed
pass through a china cap (not chinois) and chill
Cheesy Chive Grissini
1000 g Bread Flour
620 g Water
15 g Fresh Yeast
20 g Sugar
10 g Salt
52 g Olive Oil
1 pint Pecorino Romano
1  Black Pepper (t)
1/4 cup Chives
Prep Method
Add all ingredients to stand mixer with the hook attachment
Mix on speed 2 till gluten is developed
Wrap and refrigerate
Roll and shape spray with water and sprinkle salt.
Bake at 350 till golden and crisp at least 15 minutes
Cherry Agrodolce
1500 g Cherries, Dried
1500 g White Wine Vinegar
1500 g Sugar
400 g Water
3 ea Orange (zested and juiced)
80 g Hibiscus Flowers (ground finely)
7 g Salt
 to taste Cayenne
Prep Method
in a heavy bottom pot over medium heat, melt the sugar with the water and let cook, without stirring, until light brown and caramelized.
Once caramelized, add the water, vinegar, orange juice and zest, cherries, and salt. Let the mixture cook without stirring much, the sugar will crystalize at first and then melt into the liquid. Cook slowly until it reaches a syrupy consistency. Add the cayenne and ground hibiscus. Let cool, and reserve for service.
Cherry Jus
100 gram Chicken Jus
40 gram Cherries (fermented, puree)
Prep Method
combine the fermented cherry puree and the chicken jus. Add whole fermented cherries to the pot as you heat it up for service
Cherry Mousse
540 g Cherry Juice
20 g Lemon, juice
6 sheet Gelatin Sheet, bloomed (gelatin)
2  Vanilla Extract (T)
666 g Heavy Cream
120 g Powdered Sugar
 pinch Salt
Prep Method
Heat 100 g cherry/lemon juice to dissolve gelatin (do not boil)
Add to remaining cherry juice once thoroughly dissolved.
Whip cream, 10x, vanilla and salt to stiff peaks.
Add cherry juice and whisk to combine.
Pour into hotel pan to cool with plastic touching the top to prevent a skin from forming
Paddle before bagging
Chestnut Crumble
100 g Chestnut Flour
10 g Sugar
 pinch Salt
75 g Butter
4 g Cinnamon
 pinch Nutmeg
Prep Method
Combine dry ingredients
cut in butter
bake at 350 for 8 to 10 minutes, until uniform darkness
Chestnut/espresso Mousse
1 lb Frozen Chestnuts
600 g Milk
3.5 gram Brewed Espresso (Instant espresso powder)
15 g Salt
40 g Sugar
1 sprig Sage
Prep Method
Combine all ingredients in a cryovac bag and seal. Cook in boiling water until the chestnuts are completely tender.
Transfer to a blender, removing the sage, and puree on high until completely smooth
Transfer to a small ISI with 2 charges and hold warm for service
Chestnut Filling
Total Yield: 1 batch
6 pound Frozen Chestnut
1 half gallon Heavy Cream
1 quart Half & Half
3 each Rosemary (sprigs)
6 each Bay Leaf Fresh
 to taste Salt
 to taste Black Pepper
  Ground Nutmeg
Prep Method
combine the ingredients, in 2 large vac bags
vacuum seal, and boil in the pasta well for 45 min - 1 hour, until soft
process in a robo coupe, removing rosemary sprigs and bay leaves as you come across them
season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, and cool down
Chicken Liver Mousse
4 lb Chicken Livers (liver)
1/2 teaspoon Pink Salt
500 g Onion (caramelized)
250 g Heavy Cream (infused w/ thyme)
125  Brandy (flambe'd)
2 sheet Gelatin Sheet (softened)
350 g Butter (cold & cubed)
40 g Salt
  Cayenne
Prep Method
cover the chicken livers in milk and let marinate overnight. The next day, strain the chicken livers thoroughly. Add to a vac seal bag with the pink salt and jostle to distribute the salt.
cook the chicken livers at 154F for 45 minutes, jostling the bag half way through.
open the livers and strain out any cooking juices through a perf pan. Discard the juice.
combine the livers with the infused cream, brandy, salt, and softened gelatin
Move to the blender, in batches, and blend on high, adding the cubed butter and letting it melt.
Strain the mousse into a bowl set over an ice bath. Check seasoning, then press saran wrap to the surface to help prevent browning. Let chill completely before transfering to pint containers. Press saran wrap to the surface of the mousse in the containers as well.
Chicken Liver Parfait
Total Yield: 24 ea
2 lb Chicken Livers (rinsed, soaked in milk overnight, and drained)
1 lb Butter (softened)
8 oz Onion (about 1 pint, diced finely)
2 ea Garlic
2 ea Bay Leaf Fresh
200 g Heavy Cream
6 g Salt
  Cayenne
Prep Method
Prepare the chicken livers by rinsing and soaking in milk overnight. Drain completely and reserve cold.
Melt a portion of the butter in a pot. Once foaming, add the onion, bay leaf, and salt. Cook, covered, over low heat stirring occasionally until the onion has begun to soften. Grate the garlic cloves directly into the onion and cook for 1 minute more. Add the cream and cook, covered, for 10 more minutes until the onion is completely soft.
Remove the bay leaves. Take off the heat. Stir in the rest of the tempered butter, melting into the cream. Let cool slightly.
Combine the raw chicken livers and the cream mixture. Working in batches, transfer to a blender and blend on high until smooth. Do not overblend, or it will cook the chicken livers. Season finished mixture to taste with cayenne pepper
Using a 2 oz ladle, add 2 oz of the chicken liver mix to the shallow multicolored ramekins. Tap the ramekins against the counter several times to remove air pockets.
transfer the ramekins to a 2 in hotel pan, each pan can fit 7 ramekins. Add boiling water to the hotel pan to come up about 1/3 of the way up the ramekin. Cover with aluminum foil. Transfer to a 200F oven set to low fan.
Cook for about 10 minutes. To check doneness, remove foil and lightly press on the center of the parfait. It should hold it's shape when pressed, so that there is no more "loose" chicken liver.
Remove from the oven and let cool to room temp before transferring to the walk in to cool.
Once cool, cap with a gelee (see recipe)
Chickpea Balela
1 ea Cucumber (engl seeded and small diced)
10 can Canned Chickpeas (drained)
12 ea Parsley (fine chiff)
8 ea Mint (fine chiff)
12 ea Dill (fine chop)
4 ea Lemon, zest
2 ea Lemon, juice
4 oz Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 teaspoon Colatura
120 g Onion, brunoise (red then rinsed)
1 qt Beans (cooked)
 tt Salt
 tt Black Pepper
Prep Method
combine all
Chocolate Banana Panna Cotta
1000 g Bananas (banana, approx 10)
2160 g Heavy Cream
500 g Chocolate Chips
2160 g Milk
90 g Vodka
15 g Cocoa Powder
18 sheet Gelatin Sheet, bloomed
9 g Xanthan Gum
 pinch Salt
Prep Method
Bloom gelatin
Heat banana, cream, milk, salt, and chocolate chips to ~150
Make a slurry of cocoa powder and vodka
Whisk in slurry and gelatin
Blend in xanthan in batches
Strain and cool
Chocolate Cherry Budino
225 g Cherry Juice
690 g Heavy Cream
230 g Milk
228 g Egg Yolk
510 g Mini Chocolate Chips
 pinch Salt
Prep Method
Blend to 170°
Pour into bowl and ladle into ramekins with 4 Oz ladle
Chill to set
Chocolate Gelato
520 g Cocoa Powder
1 gal Milk
1 ea Ice Cream Base
Chocolate Souffle
Total Yield: 6 each
68 g Butter
68 g Bread Flour (rub together)
376 g Milk
150 g Granulated Sugar (combine, scald)
270 g Chocolate
136 g Egg, yolks (about 10)
112 g Egg, whites (10 ish)
46 g Granulated Sugar
Prep Method
Rub butter & flour together in a bowl, set aside
combine milk and sugar with a pinch of salt in a sufficiently large, and heavy-bottomed pan
When milk/sugar scalds, add butter/flour mixture, reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring constantly, for about 4 minutes, until the mixture is quite thick.
Remove from flame, add chocolate, and whisk until melted.
Add egg yolks and whisk until homogenized.  decant to shallow pan and stow in cooler.
For service, rub the baking vessels with butter, and line with sugar, per demonstration.
Put the whites in the bowl of the Kitchen aid, and with the whisk, whip to soft peaks.  Add sugar in a steady stream, and continue to whisk to stiff peaks
Fold whites into chocolate base, per demonstration, and load your baking vessels, and bake at 400f, high fan, for 12-15 minutes, based on testing.   Filled vessels can be held for up to an hour before baking.
Cinnamon Brown Sugar Gelato
75 g Cinnamon
200 g Molasses
1 ea Gelato Base
1 gallon Milk
Prep Method
Whisk cinnamon into base. Add remaining ingredients and combine with large immersion blender till fully homogenized
Cinnamon Sugar - Zeppole
Total Yield: 1 quart
600 g Sugar
40 g Cinnamon
Prep Method
Combine.
Citrus Salt 2024
14  Lemon (zested)
8  Lime (zested)
250 g Maldon Salt
75 g Kosher Salt
